---
layout: post
title: ! 'Issue #04'
author: drewz
---

### Article
- [**Over 150 of the Best Machine Learning, NLP, and Python Tutorials**](https://unsupervisedmethods.com/over-150-of-the-best-machine-learning-nlp-and-python-tutorials-ive-found-ffce2939bd78) While machine learning has a rich history dating back to 1959, the field is evolving at an unprecedented rate. In a recent article, I discussed why the broader artificial intelligence field is booming and likely will for some time to come. Those interested in learning ML may find it daunting to get started.

- [**RAM Forensic Analysis**](https://articles.forensicfocus.com/2017/06/26/ram-forensic-analysis/) The purpose of this article is show how to perform a RAM memory forensic analysis, presenting some examples of information that can be retrieved and analyzed to help identify indications of security incidents as well as fraud and other illegal practices through information systems. 


### Video and Webinar
N/A


### Tools

- [**RTFM**](https://github.com/leostat/rtfm) A database of common, interesting or useful commands, in one handy referable form, RTFM is a great and useful book, BUT a bit pointless when you have to transcribe it, so this little program will aim to be the spiritual successor to it.
- [**Python for penetration testers**](https://vulnerablelife.wordpress.com/2017/05/13/python-for-penetration-testers/) If you are involved in vulnerability research, reverse engineering or penetration testing, I suggest to try out the Python programming language. It has a rich set of useful libraries and programs. This page lists some of them.

Most of the listed tools are written in Python, others are just bindings for existing C libraries, i.e. they make those libraries easily usable from Python programs.

### Books
N/A
